blog: v3.2 - incognito mode (#996)
simplex-chat/simplex-chat: blog/20220901-simplex-chat-v3.2-incognito-mode.md

# SimpleX Chat v3.2 is released

**Published:** Sep 1, 2022

## What's new

- [Incognito mode](#incognito-mode)
- [use .onion server addresses with Tor](#using-onion-server-addresses-with-tor)
- [endless scrolling and search in chats](#endless-scrolling-and-search-in-chats)

> - [choose accent color and dark mode](#choose-accent-color-and-dark-mode)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [choose accent color and theme](#choose-accent-color-and-theme)
```

Both android and iOS app allow managing whether .onion addresses are used, and you can also enforce using .onion addresses - in this case the app will not connect to the server unless one of its hostname is .onion address. On Android, .onion addresses are used by default when SOCKS proxy is enabled.

### Endless scrolling and search in chats

Now you can access the full chat history via the app - it's embarrassing how long it took us to add it! And you can search the messages as well.

> ### Choose accent color and dark mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Choose accent color and theme
```

> Many or you said that blue is the worst possible color, so you can now make the app buttons and links look like you want! My favourite colours are green and orange.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many of you said that blue is the worst possible color, so you can now make the app buttons and links look like you want! My favourite colours are green and orange.
```

> And you can choose dark or light mode independently of the system settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And you can choose light or dark theme independently of the system dark mode.
```

- if you make many anonymous connections, each in its own user profile, you would end up having too many profiles - it is very inconvenient to manage.
- sometimes, as your relationship with your contact evolves, you may want to share your main profile with them and have them among your friends - multiple profiles don't make it possible.

So, the new Incognito mode allows having a new random name shared with each new contact, while having them all in the same user profile, and without the hassle of managing it manually. It's like a private mode in the browsers, where you can temporarily enable it when you connect to somebody you don't trust, and then disable it when connecting to the friend who knows you. It can be turned on via the app settings - see the pictures.

I don't know any other messenger with this feature, and I always wanted to have this mode, so we are really looking forward to your feedback about it!

### Assign names to your contacts

> You can now change the name under which your conntacts appear in the chats. This is particularly useful when somebody connected to your with their random name – you can change to be related to the context of the connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now change the name under which your contacts appear in the chats. This is particularly useful when somebody connected to you using a random name – you can change it to be related to the context of the connection.
```
